Welcome to a new module. We traveled through a lot of the features vuejs offers us.
We learned about how we can interact with the dom, how we can use events and how the vue instance
works,
all of that is extremely important and still valid
now that we learn about components. Though components are a major piece of vuejs and all the other
things were basics we needed to understand how components work and we use the same basics with components
but now components introduce a whole new feature to our vuejs application, namely the feature to
create re-usable pieces in our application which we then can dump in in different places in our app
to re-render the same kind of code or business logic in different places.
Now we'll see this here in action and we will learn how we can use components which different ways of
using we have, how we can register them, how we can let them interact with each other and much more.
So let's dive in.